---
# Please don't touch this attribute!
layout: carousel



# This should match the filename and defines the URL of this page
slug: Horsham District Council

title: "Horsham Disrtict Council"
subtitle: "Lorem Ipsum"

# This is for SEO
description: "Horsham District Council Redesign"

# either animation, design, or illustration
category: design

# either image, vimeo (vimeo_colour optional), or youtube
image: Horsham/HorshamDC_Designs_v2.png

# This appears on the gallery page, lives under /images/thumbnails
thumbnail: gallerybox_Horsham.jpg

external: "http://www.horsham.gov.uk/"
share: true
---

**WHO?**

LGBCE stands for the Local Government Boundary Commission for England. 

>*"We provide electoral arrangements for English local authorities that are fair for voters and we keep the map of English local government in good repair."*

**WHY?**

LGBCE are a relatively "new" organisation (2010), formally part of Electoral Commission. Their previous website was identical to Electoral Commission, as they were still in their "birth" phase. They came to Squiz wanting a fresh, new yet conservative design that would reflect the area the specialise in whilst conforming to a sober look.

Their current website had many problematic areas. First of which was that it had put together incredibly quick which impacted the usability of the website. The homepage was a space filled with big lists, excessive links, confusing navigation and text heavy 

Our goal was to create a clean, simple, professional design. Something unique yet straight-forward.

**HOW?**

To begin with, I sat down with LGBCE to discuss their vision for the new website. We looked at competitor websites, as well as inspirational websites that weren't in the same industry. 

I talked them through the relevancy of looking at a wide cross section of industries - giving them a greater insight to what is possible. Through out the discussion we kept coming back to flat designs. The simplicity and clean look resinated with the client and seemed like something they wanted to pursue. 

Our discussion then moved onto more interactive elements that would help the user find the content they were looking for. In their previous website, LGBCE had an interactive map of England, that was completely side lined and almost unnoticeable. We decided that this piece of functionality is key for any user to find news relevant to them.

Finally we discussed the branding guidelines. Odd I know. This would normally be something you discuss at the beginning. But I decided that for this particular client we need to discuss and inspire them with the website. Something tangible. Once I had the hooked we then discussed their branding guidelines. Luckily for me, these weren't set in stone. Which meant we had freedom to not only bring their website into the 21st century, but we could do the same for their branding. 

**RESULT**

This was a complete responsive redesign. Starting with the homepage. I gave the map a prominent place, with space around it to let it breathe. Its important for the user to be driven to the map before anything else, as their key demographic were users looking for information on local boundaries. 

I designed the map to be simple, elegant, informative and easy to use. To use the map, the user simply hovers their mouse over any region, with tags popping up informing them of the location they are looking at. When a user clicks on a region, the box to the right updates with a list of counties within said region, with a link pointing to a region page.

The 6 panels below were to highlight areas of LGBCE that the user might find useful. This design was a feature throughout the website using a mix of dividers, copy and icons.

Art Direction: Roger Hetherington  |  Design: Luke Carlton