---
# Please don't touch this attribute!
layout: carousel



# This should match the filename and defines the URL of this page
slug: VAM

title: "V&A Museum"
subtitle: "Conceptual Responsive Redesign... Offt say that 10 times quick"

# This is for SEO
description: "Victoria & Albert Museum Redesign"

# either animation, design, or illustration
category: design

# either image, vimeo (vimeo_colour optional), or youtube
image: VAM/VAM_Designs.png

# This appears on the gallery page, lives under /images/thumbnails
thumbnail: gallerybox_VAM.png

share: true
---

The Victoria and Albert Museum, London, is the world's largest museum of decorative arts and design, housing a permanent collection of over 4.5 million objects

**OBJECTIVE**

*Define the Brand*

• Define the online brand and how it relates to the offline brand 

• Create guidelines which demonstrate exactly how the digital brand should manifest across all products (i.e. guidelines for all digital touch points - assets like video, newsletters, microsites etc)

**APPROACH**

*Rethink, Redesign, Re-energise*

1. How can we give V&A users a better, more seamless online experience, one that is as good as a visit to their buildings?

2. How can we bring their online presence to life, and have a more visually consistent and less fragmented online presence?

This pitch was far more than a facelift. This project involved rethinking the way V&A connects with their virtual visitors, which far exceed that of its general visitors. How could we create an experience unrivalled by any other museum in the world.

During research we discovered that the V&A had a huge social network, completely untapped. Thousands and thousands of followers who aren't connected with. We implemented a design that would allow them pull content from not just the V&A but their users on social networks like Facebook, Instagram and Twitter. But this is not normal social feed. We presented this "Social feed" as part of a hypothetical campaign. The page pulls content from user, news feeds and V&A itself to create a unique and tailored page that defines the experience that was had at the event. 

**Results**

A new responsive redesign, that takes V&A in a new an interesting direction.  One that allows it to promote its content much easily.